序
这本书，比较详细的阐述了计算机的软件源代码，从简单的按工程逻辑功能来执行的机械编码 逐步
 走向可序列化遗传记忆的索引编码并可以进行新陈代谢的优化进化 的研发和实现过程。
 
前面六章，是作者在大数据计算领域的工程应用实践，主要基于养疗经的医学大数据搜索分析作品，
如 将文章进行词汇分开，数列数组进行排序，ETL进行节点流程组件块计算，vpcs服务器调度算法，
可编程数据库和数据库语言plsql，数据的载体结构变换和数据像素处理预测。于是进行了很好的
归纳跟进研发，逐渐的更新优化和催化出 读心术，分词，搜索作品，线性和非线性卷积计算作品，
ETL引擎作品，PLSQL和PLORM关于 VPCS调度的数据库语言作品，数据变量快速变换和分解作品，
以及非线性的数据坐标轨迹预测作品等。

中间三章，当前六个API软著作品在不断的优化升级和完善，作者开始思考怎么有效的整理和归纳
这些作品所包含的数十万行源代码，目的是方便和优化作者自己的行为和劳动方式。于是一种有效的
简洁的函数分类方式诞生，语义元initions编码规范，作者在论证中将这个语义元编码套在生化
编码上竟然吻合推导出完整的 语义元基INITON (Init Aton)，肽展公式PDE(PDN Extension)
和元基解码(Decoding between Initons and DNA)。于是开始通过元基编码来
索引养疗经工程出现的所有函数，一切顺其自然，开启了世界首个数据元基催化语义索引编码的大门。

后面七章，因为元基编码，公式，解码的发现，作者于是有充足的条件开始集成个人已有的六个软著作品
进行持续和坚韧的应用计算优化，收获颇丰，如优化极速分词到现在肽展索引分词以及新陈代谢的进展；
如极速排序到现在的肽展索引新陈代谢优化的象契混合字符串排序作品；如卷积计算到现在非卷积肽腐蚀
极速视觉计算与图片识别作品。如ETL Unicorn到现在的PLETL中文Tinshell神经元语言模拟
编译机作品；如VPCS PLSQL数据库到现在的肽展数据元基加密，元基罗盘造字，VPCS Web Session Token 
概率加密应用；如 数据变换到现在的 Tinshell，TinMap与元基花组件内的指令记录结构堆栈分析设计；
如数据预测到现在的元基十六进制编码规范等。开启了数据元基的RNA物理硬件与生化费洛蒙计算 交叉科学拓展。
这些函数和技术很好的在养疗经作品中完美的价值体现并一直在更进测试优化中，作者比较欣慰的是：

在进化计算中，软件函数进行元基索引编码的新陈代谢优化方式，是一种有效的进化方式。
In the evolutionary domain of software computation, the DNA catalytic 
and the PDN metabolic is an effective evolutionary method where based 
on indexing optimization by humanoid INITONS (16 Init-Atons, AOPM VECS IDUQ TXHF).

正如第一句话，而这本书完整的记录了它的完整研发过程。同时作者为这本书的理论和工程研究提供了作者完整的20年CV人生阅历和知识来源。

作者在设计这篇文章一直带有两个疑问，因为超出了软件领域，没有花时间进行系统的拓展研究。
第一个问题是生化层面上，作者推导的AOPM级的智慧语义元基是否在生化DNA物质中存在。
第二个问题是物理层面上，作者推导的RNA， FU计算碱基对是否能真实设计DNA硬件系统。

作者罗瑶光，稍后优化20220414，20220416，20220417





This monograph contains a more detailed description of the computer software source code about the research 
development and implementation process, from a simple mechanical coding according to the engineering logic 
function, then performs gradually to serialized genetic memory index coding and finally can carry out metabolic
optimization of the evolution.

Thus first six chapters are the Author's engineering application practice in the field of big data computing, 
importantly based on the medical big data search and analysis works by integrating YangLiaoJing(YLJ) software
development, such as word separations, object array sorting, ETL node workflows and pipeline calculations, VPCS
server scheduling algorithms, programmable database and PLSQL database language. Therefore, the Author conducted
a good induction and follow-up research and development, gradually updated and optimized, those fantastic job
tasks eventually promoted the works of mind-reading, word segmentation, searching and indexing, linear convolution
computation, ETL engine, PLORM database language works on VPCS scheduling. Fast structural transformation and 
combination of data variables works, as well as nonlinear data coordinate trajectory prediction work.

The current six API software works are constantly optimized, upgraded and improved in the flowing middle three
chapters, Author starts to think about how to effectively organize and summarize the hundreds of thousands of 
source code lines were contained in these works, in order to facilitate and optimize the author's own mode of
behavior and labor. Thus, an effective and concise function classification method is born here. The semantic
meta-initions encoding specification, which the author used in the argument on the biochemical encoding, truly
matched and deduced the complete semantic meta-base INITON (Init Aton). The peptide extending formula PDE(PDN Extension)
and the Decoding between Initons and DNA, begin to index all the functions of the YLJ through the basic coding,
and everything goes naturally. Open the world's first gate about the software logic base on catalytic semantic
DNA index coding.

In the continuing seven chapters, because of the discovery of meta-base(Initons) DNA encoding, formula (PDN Extension, PDE)
and decoding, the author has sufficient conditions to start integrating his own six software works for continuous 
and tenacious application calculation optimization and has gained a lot of experience on this domain. Such as the 
optimization of rapid word segmentation to the present peptide exhibition(PDE) index word segmentation and the progress 
of metabolism; Such as quickly array sort to the present PDE index metabolically optimized image and deed mixed string 
sort works; Such as convolution computing to the present non-convolution peptide corrosion speed visual computing and
image recognition works; Such as ETL Unicorn to now PLETL Chinese Tinshell neuronal language simulation compiler works;
Such as VPCS PLSQL database to the present PDE data meta base encryption, meta base compass word, VPCS Web Session Token
probability encryption application; Such as data transformation to the present Tinshell, TinMap and the stack analysis 
and design of instruction record structure in the meta-base flower component; Such as data prediction to the current 
meta-model-based hexadecimal encode specification. etc. Open the gateway of scientific expansion with computing across
database RNA physical hardware and biochemical pheromone.

These functions and technologies are perfectly reflected in the works of YLJ and have been further tested and optimized.
The author proves out:

In the evolutionary domain of software computation, the DNA catalytic and the PDN metabolic is an effective evolutionary 
method where based on indexing optimization by humanoid INITONS (16 Init-Atons, AOPM VECS IDUQ TXHF).

Yaoguang. Luo

