Definition of Catalytical Sort

Definition of Catalytical Sort, in the tranditionary and ordinary processing of array sorting, 
Catalytism means a balanced peak avoid of RAM computing, means a Catalytical theory of reducing 
the ALUs, valuable sets, conditions, logic sections, function calls and prototypes.
The Accomplishment of Catalytical theory is an insufficient condition to the next two steps 
of software DNA metabolism of functional logic and PDE(PDN Extension) secondary metabolism of 
metabase Initons encoding.

For proofs, TopSort5D
reducing the ALUs, Digital logics.
reducing the valuable sets, Memory optimizations.
reducing the conditions, Demorgan mathematics.
reducing the logic sections, Discrete mathematics.
reducing the function calls, Recuisive logics. Priority calls the high frequency logic sections as river flows.
reducing the prototypes. Inheritation logic.



Implements of speed differential catalytic sort about its trace of 'deep'.
In a colleage ages, the author did a well learned of <<Data Structure>>, especially in its
domain of deeps and weights graphs of tree-rotation and manipulations, India. The author
considered a technology of balanced tree which could be used for a reference to the domain
of Deta catalytic sort. For example deep value. Before the optimization of quicksort4D,  
<<Introduction to Algorithms>>, which had already contained a ranged value, to avoid the 
'out of memory stacks'. The author considered that ranged value had had only just suitable
for a special environment. Such as a balanced recursions. Meant that the ranged value won't 
enough for the author's defect, unbalanced and messy status of computings. Therefore, a deep
value could scale the recursion and its hierarchical stacks, which look likes an 
'one-size-fits-all approach' of 'uniform limit'. Seem the deep+ range could do well limitations
to scale the sort problem of 'Stacks Out of Memory'. 


Implements of Deta catalytic sort.
The raw material of Deta catalytic sort was Quicksort4D, 2009 from <<Introduction to Algorithms>>, 
and its refer page: https://github.com/yaoguangluo/Data_Processor/blob/master/DP/sortProcessor/Quick_4D_Sort.java.

Its optimizations gradually became a catalytic sorting system. Such as left and right marching,
inner and small peak filtering, defect peak induction, and discrete logic optimization etc. 

Left and right marching, a mainly in an asymmetric and unregular array, in order to find a 
symmetric observation. The author separated main-array out of inner-array sections and where
found a max value between a Left prefix and right post-tail. Then did conditional performs 
to avoid the high peak of computing. It seems much more important about reliabilities. 

Inner and small peak filtering, a mainly collections of high-effect algorithms, which in
order to avoid problems such as the CPU lazy, net gate laggy, DMA crash and Memory out of stack.

Defect peak induction, a mainly problems induction, in an asymmetric and irregular statement.
Meant a butterfly effect of Defect computing problems of middle sets, values, functions and asserts.

Catalytic sets optimization, a mainly a collection of optimizations to resolve this defect 
computing problem of above middle sets, values, functions and asserts.

Discrete logic optimization, a mainly a collection of algorithms to provide a catalytic optimization
about above middle sets, values, functions and asserts. These algorithms included Discrete 
Mathematics, Demorgan Algebra, Objectives and Nature-Definitions.

The author Yaoguang.Luo 稍后优化翻译
