Computing and Its Energetic Optimization  
After WCC1st ChangSha and the topic of 'Computing Ability', the author concluded his ten and 
six year of foundations and experiences, could detail a Computing and Its Energetic Optimization as below. 
The author considered the conception of 'Computing Ability' was a 'Computing Energe'. This was a
future world energes, although was not a new energe, but was a new topic. For example WCC1st once 
said from the traditonal 'Branches, knotting, heart minder, weights and measures, and the abacus' 
to the popular 'AMU, IC, on chips, PLC and MCU', WCC1st considered the development of 'Computing
Ability' was from a 'simple, titan, macrocosmic, specificity and single' to a 'complex, mini, microcosmic,
master and group'. The author considered its utilizations were out of a maximizing layer of human 
cognition. So took this topic and question, the author did good trending-conclutions as below. 

1 Foundational Computing Energe, the author considered the theory of out of humanoid-minding, which
included DNA mask link and PDN Metabase Initons.( 作者当时已经提出PDN AOPM VPCS catalyst 观点， 
但2019年还没有发明 PDN Extension, PDE metabolism 算法)
2 Quantum-Computing Energe, the author considered the theory of Convolution, CNN, Vectors, Probability and Statistics.
3 Ray-Computing Energe, the author considered the theory of FFT, DCT, Wavlet and Parallel Discreate Mathematics.
4 Superconductor Computing Energe, the author considered the theory of Computing about non-resistance and fidelity. 
Seem their had more answers and domains, and one of the author considered, was humanoid-robot. 

Aboves pointed out emphatically, a Computing Energe determinated the Trending Computing. And belows
could make more details to optimize the procedures of Computing Energe.
1 Energetic Theory of Computing logic, the author considered a procedure where changed real world
requirements into software functions. Because the subject was computer, meant not human, so that 
will cause a problem, meant computer will raise over the humanoid in the future. Once the computer's 
logic which does not was absorbed by human technologies and ethics, even its ideology is more higher 
than human's mind. It is causing the Energetic Evolutionay.
2 Model Ackuisition of Computing data set, the author considered an unified observation of Data
pre-process. Recently became a more important topic in the real world industrial environment. 
3 Filter Decision of Computing procedure, the author considered a reusable algorithm-technology, 
and this conception of authors from his sonar-lint experience at Folsom Intel. 
4 Optimizational Assessment of Computing-result, the author considered a software engineering topic,
such as a water fall mode, the aspect of software maintenance and customer assessment, were also
important too. 
5 VISO Theory of Computing Evolutionary, of cause a good developing observation of the software statement,
the author also considered either the Energetic Optimization could promoted on a good way, or the Energetic
system could be fixed immediately, or both well.  

Finally, the author did a definition of Energetic formula: N = S(AON)/ s(AON).
Energetic unit=  Under the unfinished perform-statement, the amount of AON looped by function per 
each second/ The amount of non-duplicated AON units by function needs.
(AON) = And, Or, Neigative Gate.
N= Energetic unit, 
S(AON)= Under the unfinished perform statement, the amount of AON looped by function per each second.
s(AON)= The amount of non-duplicated AON units by function needs.

2019-09-14 Peking times 04:34

Author YaoguangLuo 稍后纠正语法
