An implement of suggest lexicons about Enviroment, Motivatial Lenovo, Trending-Explore, Decisional Trigger.
Deta literary analyst which was based on Orthos map and lexical dictionary. Before the word segmentational 
process of essay, the Deta parser engine would init an indexed base where could store the reflective chars
set of an observation. Then input strings to do the word segmentation. The Deta engine could sequently parser
the word correctly, which was based on this corpus by finding key values of map. Then did an exhibition of 
resultant statistics. For example, typed a word 'Addicted' or 'Craving for Tobacco', the reflective result
of marching an environmental corpus, would list a word 'chemistry'. Its application could be used well in
similar domains of motivation, trending and decision. The author considered these reflections were an universal
value of conclusion, meant an ordinary of such as nouns, verbs and adjectives, not only the reflections,
but also the author considered lexicons of nouns, verbs and adjectives where could make reflections of environment,
features and emotions. Those specific partner of grammartical reflections could explain well in essay minding.
   

Portrait-assessment
Deta portrait-assessment could absorb as an assessment of educational level. Such as grammars, lexical 
process, NLP, statistical POS and verbals of triper-chars lexicon, quadru-chars idiom and penta-chars 
Slang. For example the ratio of contained verbal in each sentence, and the word length of each contained
verbal. also could determinate as a higher educational level verbals.

Motivation-assessment. Deta motivation-assessment does a decision on trending, where based on motivational dictionary. 

Emotion-assessment. Deta emotion-assessment does a decision on sentiment, where based on commendatory,
derogatory and neutral dictionary. 

Habit-assessment. Deta habit-assessment does a comprehensive decision on multi-assessment of portrait,
motivation and emotion. 

Education-assessment. Deta education-assessment does an industrial application of essay-definition, such
as a valuable reference, statement ability, narrate-level and tutor-assessment. It may include all of
these above assessments to result a final summing-collection, to emphasize a fulfillment of educational level.



Implements an essay of tutoral ability.
The author expanded a deep analyst after he had already concluded the ratios, weights and reflections. 
The purpose of development quickly to make a recognition of personal and featural habit, written style,
emotional status and educational level. The corpus, speeches and definitions were contains POS, Distance,
SVO, word length and weight. The calculation of NLP could easily make an assessment of educational level.
For example at above picture, the input string contained a few adjectives, so the ratio-result of prose 
seemed more lower was 0.1578. The score absolutely trended to an argumentation and statement, was 0.47368
and 0.40983. Recently Deta NLP algorithms could make a sustainable optimization by increasing more components
from filters, determinations, definitions, PCA and artical types.


The Author YaoguangLuo 稍后优化语法.
