
ANN
ANN, DetaParser ANN computing. It mainly contained a mind set, environment set, motivation
set and emotion set etc. Those sets were computed as an advanced decision, which emphasizing
weights as a comprehensive of trending, continuing, predicting, guessing and minding etc.
With associating in text mining and analysis domain. This decision either will value a true
estimation, or will calculate a summing centre for the next steps.

RNN
DetaParser RNN computing. It mainly contains a distance set and entropy set etc. those 
sets were computed as observer weights of Part of Speed POS, Covex of position and Euclid 
KNN. With associating in text mining and analysis domain. It could clearly find out an 
information by each of lexical, such as the frequency count, ruly distribution and trace 
weight. Above sets could make a good implementation of summing centre for the next steps.

DNN
DetaParser DNN computing. It mainly contains DetaParser ANN and DetaParser RNN, for the
prefix Cartesian calculations. Due to the inputs were two types of ANN summing and RNN 
position weights, thus, DetaParser DNN could dig a central Theory of the text document, 
especially suitable for the text mining system.


Expanding an associational DNN applications 
The author listed a demonstrational sample of DNN ranks to classify as where their listed four 
colors of Red, Purple, Green and Yellow. Then also made four levels ranged from these colors
where such as comparative degree of dark, little, median and deep. The max levels scale was 
255 on each pix. Assumed the input was '香蕉 和 苹果 都 是 水果', then scored the DNN value 
of '香蕉' was 30,  '苹果' was 40, and '水果' was 50. Firstly their values all were Noun of POS,
meant only mark as Red color which was enough. Secondly the DNN value of '水果' was the highest
of all, so was rendered a deep-red. The DNN value of '苹果' was higher than '香蕉', therefore 
the '苹果' was rendered a median-red, and the '香蕉' was rendered a little-red, made a distinction 
of other Nouns where rendered a dark-red. Similarly to other speeches classify. Purple for 
adjectives, and yellow for vebs etc.

Deta DNN(ANN summing kernel -> RNN PCE)
Above picture is a topic of foundation, a pre-sequence marching of incremental differentiations, 
where based on the ANN-summing and RNN-convolutional kernel computing. The kernel of ANN-summing
and RNN-computing, is belong to the domain of CNN convolutional kernel. The definition of Deta
ANN and RNN please see the original pages. The author refers 'Yann.Lecun' here about an inventory of CNN. 


Author YaoguangLuo 稍后优化语法
