Definition: Deta parser word segmentation is a word cutting engine where based on the index forest dictionary 
of the neural network map, which carries out the word association cutting, and then circulating the traversal 
function of the part of speech(POS) combination matching, and defines the collocation according to the Chinese
literary grammar.

1 The index dictionary can accelerate the refinement and splitting. The refinement differentiation can effectively
reduce the memory operation volume and the occupation of resources, so as to improve the current stack search
and operation speed.

2 The function can accelerate the optimization of the usage frequency statistical arrangement. Once the function 
has the high-frequency advance operation, it has queue priority consciousness and can be metabolized, for example, 
the higher frequency logic sections could be arranged at the top by using Sequences of Von-Neumann(from top to
bottom, from left to right).

3 The total number of dynamic convolution kernels is directly related to the computational complexity. The more 
complex the computation is, the higher the cost will be. Of course the higher the time cost will be, the adaptive 
accuracy will also be improved accordingly.

4 Functional prototypes and function file names are metabolized, and the secondary metabolism is optimized to 
accelerate index encoding. The more detailed the function, the more concise the logic, the more uniform the unit 
call calculation, and the more organized the balanced operation.

5 The refinement and optimization of literary lexical functions are accelerated. The literary lexical problem 
is more targeted.

Yaoguang。Luo


Deta parser, a sentence and word segmentation marching tool(NERO-NLP-POS), was based on an in-order sequence 
verbals computation, the computer monitors the humanoid specification, to read articles, sentences by each word
one by one as the river flows, then cut the word link list by using stop method such as the index length recognizing,
word dictionary marching, then extract the pre-materials for the continuing POS(part of speech) process.

At the first. The author build a lot of association maps and classification sets, which did a nice verbal data storage
of all kinds of the literacy otho corpus(NERO), for instance, POS maps, word length maps and word type maps, 
to better catalytic the system tunning accelerations.

Each lexical map could make a combination and classification definition, the author uses the StringBuilder function
to do the word segmentation by non-conventional differently kernel computations. Like the water sequence flows from 
top to bottom, from left to right, then statistic the frequency prototype usages, make queue optimizations at the same 
time. catalytic the system tunning accelerations.

The word segmentation and Its POS cut ways by following 4 Chinese chars words, 3chars words,2chars words to loop 
check the POS lexical dictionary map storages. Kernel computations work for finding a marching verbals word, then 
return the response to the NLP engine.

Yaoguang.Luo
