Deta POS
Deta parser of the word segmentation, was based on its corpus of POS or classes. The formative 
base was like a 'Verbal/POS'. For example ''Banana/Noun', the parser-engine might read the corpus
base sequently, then to store the verbal 'Balana' as a key, and the POS was a key store. Also,
the key store of POS could be a complex types of the annotational string. For example 'Banana/Noun'
might be a 'Banana/FruitNoun', and one more example of 'LiuYang/CitynameGeographyNoun'. Meant 
the computer could easy to understand a complex grammar-environment in how to parser the word 
correctly. Especially in a stable grammar-environment, such as Subject+ Predecate, Noun+ Conjunction+
Noun, Adjective+Conjunction+Adjective, Verb+Subject or Adverb. Because of the strict and stable
definition. Therefore Deta parser did not contain a probabilistic statistics about word segmentation.


Deta NLP
Deta parser of the Nature Language Process, was based on its map-forest of indexed length of
lexicons. Because the formative word was combined from connected Chinese alphabetics. Meant 
totally different with european lexicons, a 'Flechs or Flesh' parser the ratio about amount of
word-vowels per the word-length. Seem the length of Chinese word commonly could parser as four
types of 'one char of achaism or singleton', 'two chars of simple word', 'three chars of special
word or slang', 'four chars of idiom and slang' and more. The 'more' meant an example of
'巧媳妇难逃无米之炊' here, although it was a nine-chars of slang, but it could be separated out
a tokens-list of '巧'+ '媳妇'+ '难'+ '逃'+ '无米之炊'. So the deta parser could easy to make a 
recognition of this tokens-list by using 'Dynamic River Flows Gate Function Marching and Circustantly
Loop the POS Kernel Computing'. Above tokens-list contained more 'one or two char words' of '巧'+
'媳妇'+ '难'+ '逃', so the priorty to process a class of 'one char-word' is more higher than the
class of idiom and slang. The author considered it was an evolutional theory about priorty to high
frequency.

Author Yaoguangluo 稍后优化语法.
