Definition: Deta parser word segmentation was a word cutting engine where based on the index forest dictionary of the
neural network map, which carried out the word associational cutting, and then circulating the traversal function of
the part of speech(POS) and combinational matching, and defined the collocation according to the Chinese literary grammar. 

1 The index dictionary could accelerate the refinement and splitting. The refinement differentiation could effectively
reduce the memory operation volume and the occupation of resources, so as to improve the current stack search and 
operational speed. 

2 The function could accelerate the optimization of the frequency’s usage and statistical arrangement. Once the function 
had the high-frequenct advance operation, meant It had a queue-priority consciousness and could be metabolized here. For
example, the higher frequent logic sections could be arranged at the top by using Sequences of Von-Neumann (from top to
bottom, from left to right). 

3 The total number of dynamic convolutional kernels was directly related to the computational complexity. The more complex
the computation was, the higher the cost would be. Of course the higher the time cost would be, the adaptive accuracy
would also be improved accordingly. 

4 Functional prototypes and function-file names were metabolized by PDE, and the secondary metabolism was optimized
by Initons to accelerate index encoding. The more detailed the function, the more concise logic, the more uniform the 
unit-called calculation, and the more organized the balanced operation. 

5 The refinement and optimization of literary lexical functions were accelerated. The literary lexical problem was more
targeted.


Deta parser, a sentence and word segmentational marching tool(NERO-NLP-POS), was based on an in-order sequence 
verbals computation, the computer monitors the humanoid specification, to read articles, sentences by each word
one by one as the river flows, then cut the word link list by using stop method such as the index length recognizing,
word dictionary marching, then extracted the pre-materials for the continuing POS(part of speech) process.

At the first. The author built a lot of association maps and classification sets, which did a nice verbal data storage
of all kinds of the literary otho corpus(NERO), for instance, POS maps, word length maps and word type maps, 
to better catalyz the system-tunning of accelerations.

Each lexical map could make a combination and classificational definition, the author used the StringBuilder function
to do the word segmentation by non-conventional different kernel computations. Like the water sequence flowed from 
top to bottom, from left to right, then gathered statistics of the frequency prototype usages, made the queued optimizations 
at the same time and catalyzed the system-tunning of accelerations.

The word segmentation and Its POS cut ways by following 4 Chinese chars words, 3 chars words, 2 chars words to loop 
check the POS lexical dictionary-map storages. Kernel computations work for finding a marching verbals word, then 
returned the response to the NLP engine.


The ordinary mode of the Deta catalytic sorting function was based on the quicksort 4D theory with Sir Charles Antony
Richard Hoare, the author refered a book <Introduction to Algorithms> here. Since YaoguangLuo had simulated the java 
‘Quick_4D_Sort’ source code and executed it successfully in computer IDE, then has been optimizing its sort logic since
2013. The recent version of the source code was TopSort5D. And the optimized way of the sort arrangement included
defect peak avoiding, tunning of the constant values, balancing of the computing sets and the discrete conditions 
differentiations (Demorgan, Frequency flows etc). And now those things widely were used in Deta’s catalytic family 
technical community (Parser, Word segments, Mindreading, NLP computing etc).


Nero Network Index Forest
1 Deta Parser did a word segmental indexed map by using humanoid sematic verbal dictionary, for the reason why using 
JDK8+ tool to do the map search logic, is that it had already integrated the binary search tree, balanced map tree 
arrangement and other technologies. 

2 Deta Parser’s balanced binary search tree method made an observer mode of averaged classification with all types of
the reflection java concurrent maps, those maps included the char word length, verbal types and part of speech corpus,
etc. The author did it to accelerate the Nero-marching speedly for searching the words. 

3 Deta Parser supported the secondary indexing computing combinations, this way could be suitable for the distributed 
cache searching systems. The author did not suggest this technology which be used on a single desktop. 

4 For the computing logic, Finally Deta Parser functions used string builder to accelerate the searching engine.


The accomplishment of the neural network-index is mainly reflected in two sections, 1 for the relevanced index of word 
segmentation, and 2 for the lexical indexed map. The associated and relevanced index-value of word segmentation, is mainly
reflected in the chained extraction of words. This chained calculation method effectively correlates the relatively 
independent of a large number of words in the thesaurus, according to the Thimble Theory in human language and Literature
(Nero). The value of the big-data's documental process, splits the word chain links-list into small chars-token (max 4) 
sections, and It is similar to a squeezing toothpaste, and a brushing teeth (POS) after a squeezed out with the DetaParser
marching engine.

The index value of the lexical map is mainly reflected in the reasonable chain-segmentation of lexical characters. This 
chain of word segmental method, combines and matches the classified maps in the thesaurus, according to different attributes.
And then separates them according to the rigorous definition of lexical POS and SVO's collocation with human literary 
languages. The adaptive industrial system designed and diversified the expansion of this classification, will increase the 
accuracy and flexibility of word segmentation and adapt to different segmental scenes. Similar to the way of toothbrushes,
the extruded toothpaste is matched to adapt to different oral cavity-environments, according to different toothbrushes 
and brushing methods (Nero + POS).


The Deta Parser word segmentation and its applications in the linear text document environments.
1 There had a lot of rights weight by each indexed map, based on those right weights, Deta Parser did a marching score system
to do the computation and calculation for the Chinese word segmentation logic.

2 The search weight of the computing logic, such as Subject Predicate Object(SVO), and part of speech(POS), for instance, Noun,
Verb and Adjective etc. 

3 To make a computing acceleration, the author injected a combination factor in the marching logics, such as bit calculation,
frequency statistics and word length observations. Similars to the theory of Count Down Latch and Cyclic Barrier logic (made 
definitions first then proved, or proved first then did a conclusion) ways etc. 

4 Above all things and logics once became JAVA transportations, the author set all global and local valuable scales to build
the Foolishman- Self-Controller components to make the algorithms easy and simple.



Dynamic River Flows Gate Function Marching and Circustantly Loop the POS Kernel Computing.
1 Dynamic kernel contains prefix and postfix two types, can read the word token one by one. It does dynamic computing 
also at the same time.

2 Prefix kernel stores a POS cache buffer by each current word piece of information such as positions, frequency etc,
to accelerate the word marching.

3 Postfix relevant to the optimization of word marching and segmentation. For example, checking the conjunctional relationship
and continuing the word token link list.

4 The algorithms kernel uses StringBuilder to do higher computing affections according to computer language grammar.


POS functional gate river flows and their relationships. For example, the author did the word segmentation by using
'如果是非常理想' in this sentence. At the first through the indexed forest mapped dictionary, Deta Parser could cut 
'如果是非常理想' into ‘如果’, ‘是非常’, ‘理想’ those three associated chars word sets token list. And in this result 
list, ‘如果’ and ‘理想’ these two lexical words seems to be immutably boned. ‘是非常’ was a three chars word token, 
then did an inner marching computing by using POS functional gate river flows theory. And at this time, the orthos 
corpus mapped base of the author's Deta Parser system which could not find any verbals such as‘是非常’, then continued 
do the two chars marched for the next step. About more powerful of these algorithms, was the Chinese chars literacy
grammar marching system, for the chars segmental section, ‘是非常’ did a separation into two types such as ‘是非-常’
and ‘是-非常’, then analyzed contrast and distinguishment by these two segments. After analysis of each word and its
prefix and postfix, POS combined with relationships,  (The prefix token of ‘是非’ was ‘如果’, the prefix token of 
‘非常’ was ‘是’, the prefix tokens of ‘常’ were ‘是非' and ‘非’, and the prefix tokens of  '理想’ were ‘常’ and ‘非常’).
This POS word segmentational theory was fixedly and immutably, which meant it should not contain any probability events
here. If at this time, the DetaPaser did not find any associated chars relationships, then promoted to the next steps
as reading and cutting sequence-list chars as single one by one. Above all, the result of the sample graph did a good
show that DetaParser did a ‘如果-是-非常’ response because the priority of (Conjunction- Adj, v- Adj, v) was higher
than (conjunction- noun- adj, v).


Author: Yaoguang。Luo 稍后优化语法
