Implements a Ratio of POS. 
Mr. YaoguangLuo considered the ratio of POS which meant the proportion of lexicons. For example their paper 
had 80 adjectives in 100 words, so the proportion of lexicon meant that the essay contained a lot of strokes, 
It more liked a prose. Of course, assumed their paper had 80 verbs in 100 words, so the proportion of lexicon 
meant that the essay contained a lot of actions, seemed their essay more likes a narrate story. Therefore,
the author considered that ratios of POS could make a good descriptive activity, which to make a prediction 
of a personal written grammar. Examples as below.

1. Implements a ratio of motivation. 
Assumed their paper appeared five words: Kitchen Knife, Chopping Board, Wok, Streaky-Meat and Spicy-Condiment. 
Resulted a higher motivation of lexicon was cooking. It meand the humanoid computer could read and find a
potential information from this paper, would easily to know this paper was about to make a narrate of how 
to cook the food.

2. Implements a ratio of environment. 
Although their paper appeared five words: Kitchen Knife, Chopping Board, Wok, Streaky-Meat and Spicy-Condiment. 
Resulted a higher environment of lexicon was kitchen. It meaned the humanoid computer would easily to know this 
paper was about to cook a food in where the address was a Hotel, Canting, Caffeteria, Pizzeria, Rosticerria 
or Restaurant.

3. Implements a ratio of literature. 
Even their paper still appeared above five words. But resulted a higher ratio of POS was Noun. It meand the 
humanoid computer would easily to know this paper was about a definite essay of Cooking Science and Technology. 



An Implement of Distance of POS.
Mr. Yaoguang Luo considered the distance of POS which meant the weight of lexicons. Those factors about the
reflection of different attributes and the position of different classes, which could make a calculation of
Mind. Then continuing examples as below.

Assumed their paper appeared five words: Kitchen Knife, Chopping Board, Wok, Streaky-Meat and Spicy-Condiment.
Resulted a higher frequency of lexical appearance, was Streaky-Meat. It meaned the humanoid computer could 
read and find a potencial information from this paper, would easily to know this paper was about a definite 
essay on Cooking Science and Technology, which mainly made a presentation of meat. Similarly Resulted the higher 
frequency of lexical appearance, was Spicy-Condiment. which mainly made a presentation of Spicy-Formula. Lets 
continued examples as below.

Assumed their Spicy-Condiment contained a mature vinegar, which was a higher frequent lexicon. 'Vinegar' 
appeared at paragraph of 1, 2, 4 and 5, especially at 4. The accomplishment of distance of the same lexicon,
could scale the weight of 'Vinegar'. Then humanoid computer would easily to know this paper was about an essay
of Cooking Science and Technology. Which mainly an introduction of 'Vinegar' in presentation of Spicy-Formula.
Especially at paragraph 4.

Euclidean KNN could trace an observation of frequent loxical distance. For example Deta RNN computings, Assumed
It sequently input 1'Vinegar', 2'Dumpling', 3'Vinegar' and 4'Streaky-Meat', will result the Deta rank of DNN
was higher than Deta rank of RNN by 'Dumpling'. And also we could find that the Deta ratio of DNN of 'Streaky-Meat'
was highly.

Author: YaoguangLuo 稍后翻译语法
