DNA Filter and Its Applications

Bio-Literary Filtering and Indexed Ortho Base(BLFIO). A definition of what a lexicon
dictionary, according to the compass arrangement with each Chinese char. It might be
reflected by a compass arrangement of biology. For example the '酸' meant acid in English.
Then proved Literature of acid was VU, meant V: 'Feel' and U: 'Change' by human thinking.
Biology of acid, meant wood in compass, then was arranged to the east direction, as
position of '巽', Tatsumi. It might be concluded as Initons of AQ, from page of 240, a 
regular compass sample with erosion. List below where with those conclutions. 酸: VUI.
AQ; 甘: VUI. PI; 苦: VUI. DH; 辣: VUI. CX; 咸: VUI. OU; 涩: VUI. MV; 平: VUD. ST; and
腻: VUI. ED; The author might consider all of Chinese char, could be translated into
a BLFIO. And this BLFIO was a true language where be used in the biological and literay 
environment. After that the author began to build a three char of PDC languages to 
implement this BLFIO, and their D-R-NA applications.


For example YangLiaoJing, the author tried to search a 'Suit the remedy to the case' of 
'风热咳嗽', a wind-heat cough. After did a filtering by six Monarches of S initon with 
YangLiaoJing, and whose list of a '贝母' of Fritillary; '黄芩' of Scutellaria; '前胡' of 
The root of purple-flowered peucedanum; '牛蒡子' of Fructus Arctii; '黄花' of Solidago
decurrens Lour '古书 黄花 为一枝黄花'; and '臭灵丹草' of Wingedtooth Laggera Herb. The 
proof PDE formula was S= I, S= Q, so that IQ meant a ketonic pyrimidine, '温燥' of warmness
and tryness. Then will list Initons of D, M, and C for cold, S for soil, and M for bone
and lung. Then only stoped by a development with literay PDE. Because he was too busy to
continue a biology exploration.


Above picture, the author began to definite big molecules of literay Initon, to make well
an observation in a medical data searches and applicaitons. For example '瓜蒌皮' of Pericarpium 
Trichosanthis, MD; '贝母' of Fritillary, SI; '党参' of Codonopsis pilosula, MS; '半夏' of
Pinellia ternata, MS; '甘草' of Glycyrrhiza glabra, MS; and '车前草' of Herba Plantaginis,
MD. After a filtering with literay Initon keys of warmness and dryness. And dangerous Initon
keys of UCOV, meant not for cold. he got an observation from the ranked list of '甘草'
of Glycyrrhiza glabra, '瓜蒌皮' of Pericarpium Trichosanthis, '车前草' of Herba Plantaginis,
'党参' of Codonopsis pilosula, '贝母' of Fritillary, and '痰喘半夏' of Pinellia ternata,
etc. Seem the RNA literary Initon computing, did a well medical search here the Cheers.

The author YaoguangLuo 稍后优化语法.
