This monograph contained a more detailed description of the computer software source code about the research 
development and implementation process, from a simple mechanical coding according to the engineering logic 
function, then performed gradually to a serialized genetic memory index coding and finally could carry out 
metabolic optimization of the evolution.

Thus first six chapters were the author's engineering application practice in the field of big data computing, 
importantly based on the medical big data search and analysis works by integrating YangLiaoJing(YLJ) software 
development, such as word separations, object array sorting, ETL node workflows and pipeline calculations, 
VPCS server scheduling algorithms, programmable database and PLSQL database language. Therefore, the author
conducted a good induction and follow-up research and development, gradually updated and optimized, those 
fantastic job tasks eventually promoted the works of mind-reading, word segmentation, searching and indexing, 
linear convolutional computation, ETL engine, PLORM database language worked on VPCS scheduling. Fast structural 
transformation and combination of data variables works, as well as nonlinear data coordinate and trajectory
predicted work.

The current six API software works were constantly optimized, upgraded and improved in the flowing middle three
chapters, Author thought about how to effectively organize and summarize the hundreds of thousands of source 
code lines were contained in these works, in order to facilitate and optimize the author's own mode of behavior
and labor. Thus, an effective and concise function classification method was born here. The semantic meta-initions
encoding specification, which the author used in the argument on the biochemical encoding, truly matched and
deduced the complete semantic meta-base Initon (Init Aton). The peptide extending formula PDE(PDN Extension)
and the Decoding between Initons and DNA, began to index all the functions of the YLJ through the basic coding, 
and everything went naturally. Opened the world's first gate about the software logics were based on catalytic 
semantic DNA index-coding.

In the continuing seven chapters, because of the discovery of meta-base(Initons) DNA encoding, peptide-formula 
(PDN Extension, PDE) and decoding, the author had sufficient conditions to start integrating his own six software
works for continuous and tenacious the applicational and calculational optimizations and has gained a lot of
experience on this domain. Such as the optimization of rapid word segmentation to the present peptide exhibition(PDE), 
indexed word segmentation and the progress of metabolism; Such as quickly array sort to the present PDE index 
metabolically optimized image, and deed mixed string sort works; Such as a convolutional computing to the present 
non-convolutional peptide corrosion of speed visual computing and image recognition works; Such as ETL Unicorn 
to now PLETL Chinese Tinshell neuronal language and a simulated compiler works; Such as VPCS PLSQL database to
the present PDE data meta base encryption, meta-based compass-word, and VPCS Web Session Token probability
encryption application; Such as data transformation to the present Tinshell, TinMap and the stack analysis and
design of instructional recorded structure in the meta-base flower component; Such as data prediction to the 
current meta-mode-based hexadecimal encode specification. etc. Open the gateway of scientific expansion with 
computing across Database, RNA, Physical hardware and biochemical pheromone.

These functions and technologies were perfectly reflected in the works of YLJ and had been further tested and
optimized. The author proved out:

In the evolutionary domain of software computation, the DNA catalyst and the PDN metabolism is an effective and 
evolutionary method where based on indexing optimization by humanoid Initons (16 Init-Atons, AOPM VECS IDUQ TXHF).

The author also gaind two question below, The first question was an existence form of A, O, P, M, T and X. Does
molecule of pyrimidineMidazolo[1, 2-a]pyrimidineMidazole a true thing in this real world.

The second question was an RNA computing with {F,DU}, Does base pair of {6-aminoxanthine, Cytosine Methylcytosine} 
a true thing in this real world.

Yaoguang. Luo稍后优化20220414, 20220416, 20220417, 20220531, 20220604



序
这本书, 比较详细的阐述了计算机的软件源代码, 从简单的按工程逻辑功能来执行的机械编码, 逐步走向可序列化
遗传记忆的索引编码, 并可以进行新陈代谢的优化进化的研发和实现过程. 

前面六章, 描述了作者在大数据计算领域的工程应用实践的内容, 主要基于养疗经的医学大数据搜索分析作品, 如
将文章进行词汇分开, 如何数列数组进行排序, ETL进行节点流程组件块计算, 描述VPCS服务器调度算法, 可编程数
据库和数据库语言PLSQL, 还有数据的载体结构变换和数据像素处理预测集等. 于是进行了很好的归纳跟进研发, 逐
渐的更新优化和催化出 读心术, 分词和搜索作品, 线性和非线性卷积计算作品, ETL引擎作品, PLSQL和PLORM关于
VPCS调度的数据库语言作品, 数据变量快速变换和分解作品, 以及非线性的数据坐标轨迹预测作品等. 

中间三章, 基于当前六个API软著作品在不断的优化升级和完善过程, 作者开始思考怎么有效的整理和归纳这些作品
所包含的作者最近这4年内编写的数十万行源代码, 目的是方便和优化作者自己的行为理解和劳动方式. 于是一种有
效的简洁的函数分类方式诞生, 语义元Initions编码规范, 作者在论证中将这个语义元编码套在生化编码上竟然吻合,
推导出完整的 语义元基Initon (Init Aton), 肽展公式PDE(PDN Extension) 和元基解码 (Decoding between Initons and DNA). 
于是开始通过元基编码来索引养疗经工程出现的所有函数, 一切顺其自然, 开启了世界首个数据元基催化语义索引
编码的大门. 

后面七章, 因为元基编码, 公式, 解码的发现, 作者于是有充足的条件开始集成个人已有的六个软著作品进行持续和
坚韧的应用计算优化, 收获颇丰, 如优化极速分词到现在肽展索引分词以及新陈代谢的编码进展; 如极速排序到现在
的肽展索引新陈代谢优化的象契混合字符串排序作品; 如卷积计算到现在非卷积肽腐蚀极速视觉计算与图片识别作品.
如ETL Unicorn到现在的PLETL中文Tinshell神经元语言模拟编译机作品; 如VPCS PLSQL数据库到现在的肽展数据元基
加密, 元基罗盘造字, 和 VPCS Web Session Token 概率加密应用; 如数据变换项目到现在的 Tinshell, TinMap与元
基花组件内的指令记录结构堆栈分析设计; 如数据预测项目到现在的元基十六进制编码规范等. 开启了数据元基的RNA
物理硬件科学 与 生化费洛蒙计算科学 交叉科学拓展. 

这些函数和技术很好的在养疗经作品中完美的价值体现, 并一直在更进测试优化中, 作者比较欣慰的是: 
在进化计算中, 软件函数进行元基索引编码的新陈代谢优化方式, 是一种有效的进化方式. 
In the evolutionary domain of software computation, the DNA catalyst and the PDN metabolism is an effective
evolutionary method where based on indexing optimization by humanoid Initons (16 Init-Atons, AOPM VECS IDUQ TXHF). 

正如第一句话, 而这本书完整的记录了它的研发过程. 同时作者也为这本书的理论和工程研究提供了作者完整的20年
CV人生阅历和知识来源. 

作者在设计这篇文章一直带有两个疑问, 因为超出了软件领域, 没有花时间进行系统的拓展研究. 
第一个问题是生化层面上, 作者推导的AOPM级的智慧语义元基是否在生化DNA物质中存在. 如马蹄铁形嘌呤对. 

第二个问题是物理层面上, 作者推导的RNA, FU计算碱基对是否能真实设计DNA硬件系统. 如替换锁存器.


作者罗瑶光, 稍后优化20220414, 20220416, 20220417, 20220531


