The way of metabolism about the inheriting interfaces. The author enjoyed a good fulfillment of the C foundation. 
Because of the separation of macro types and prototypes by using C, the ordinary separation of controller and 
performance was based on this theory. Recently became a more popular way of coding the Java Backend transactions. 
To better inject this theory into the indexing initons, the author synchronized a process of files and functions, 
those files continuing that were defined and separated into a small and single segments list, then proved that the
functions name could be an extension of filenames. At the same time, those files and functions names with their 
prototypical sections also could make a logical separation between controlling and executing. Finally, the files
name could be longer and more, and the functional name could be smaller and less. The observation and implementation 
of this model which looked like functions were hanging on the filename trails, similar to the blessing Dandelion 
flower. The author found two catalytic ways of software metabolism. The one result for functional logic prototype
metabolism and another for indexing Metabase-intions metabolism.

The organized definition of this photo was beblow. Initially, the assumption was that the indexed file name- 
was an Initons encoded file name with its software functions and collections. The file name was 'AOP.POM.VEC.SID.java'.
firstly just focusing on this Initons-string target we could find this string which contained a keyword section of
'AOP.POM.', and this tail-root of 'VOC.SID', it would distinct other substrings with the same collection. So we can
make a combination of these same pre-root sections. Then this indexed initons string did a separation of two sub
roots, V-E and V-O. And then the trail of 'SID' will do a combination again. In this way, meta based Initons computing
of separation and combination, again and again, meant DNA-PDE catalytical computing. After this action, will make
a filter of which the same sections and segments, meant only save one section, thus, those sections and parts, did
classification and fusion with similar to a string token segments network. It seemed such as the tree or flower, had
its root and node. The author defined this procedure chain such liked a 'Meta-based Initons Catalyst and Metabolism'. 
( trail 理解为 tail 这里)


Author YaoguangLuo 稍后优化
