The Definition of The Methylcytosine in DNA Catalytic Computing and The Derivation of The IDUQ-U of The L-Pyrimidine

Since The 'AOPM VECS IDUQ and The INITONS Catalytic were Reflected Between Humanoid DNA and Nero Cell 1.2.2' 
finished. The Author has been thinking that how to let the software programming code, built as the AOPM VECS
IDUQ linklist. Until the 'AOPM-VECS-IDUQ Catalytic INITONS PDE LAW and Its Application1.2.2' finished. Human
began to know that the DNA could be extended in an article. At that same time, the Author did researches out
a lot of results. For example L-Pyrimidine. Because of the large derivations and simulations from the human 
thinking and mind cognitions. It proved that L-pyrimidine became an important part of the NLP and DNA catalytic
computing. Then the Author began to prove that 'Does the L-pyrimidine a real thing in this real world?'. 'Does 
the L-pyrimidine which has its own chemistic mode?'. Since we had AOPM VECS IDUQ, the U/update was one of a
basic Initon, Not only The U/update Initon was an important part of the DNA catalytic computing. It also was
a basic part of the PDN extension Initons. L pyrimidine Initon. At the first, The Author named it as L-pyrimidine
Initon, the first char of 'Luo', 'Liang', 'Li' and 'Liu'. (Author's family). Since we had Uracil, Cytosine, 
Guanine, Adenine and Thymine. From the Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, page 32, it showed the chemistic model 
of the Purines and Pyrimidines. From the page 39, page 46 and page 59, it showed the TAT, tRNA, and Enzyme tasks.
So, the Author did a definition of a common model of Pyrimidine. The Author did an identification in a figure 11
at the picture: https://gitee.com/DetaChina/collection-of-papers-by-deta/blob/master/lpyrimidine1.jpg. 
Since we had already got a DNA PDE formulas as: C= U+ D, D= DD, S= I+ Q, C= D and I= U etc. Ok let's continue,
according to those formulas, Author could find out the 11, 6, 7, 8 factors in the picture1. It showed with the 
Amino pair. Adenine and Thymine needed a covalent oxygen. Also, Cytosine and Guanine need Amino base, the author 
proved the DNA catalytic computing absolutely was an accumulation of PLC digit logic computing. The 'Covalent
Oxygen' and 'Amino base' were the DNA clock. Base from the human heart beats. There fore, It showed the results
of 9 and 10, For the position of 5, which was NH or NH2, the author began to fall in thinking. From the 'Catalytic 
Initons PDE law and Its Application's formula', it had C= D, C= U+ D, then could get U-> D. The model of L-pyrimidine
will similar with Sytosine. Above all, it proved that the position of 5 of the Pyrimidine was a covalent Nitrogen.
As the figure of 13. Definitly, the figure 13 was sytosine. Please see the I= U formular. The Uracil could be an
L-pyrimidine, but L-pyrimidine was  similar with Sytosine. If the PDE formula was a true function and the L-pyrimidine
was not the same with Sytosine, then proved L-pyrimidine, which contained Sytosine. Finally see Thymine, the CH3 
with the position of 1, the author thought, NH2-CH3, which added Uracil, could be a Methylcytosine. Because scientist
was hard to find NaOH, CH4. In human's tissue fluid, only the result that was NH2-CH3 or an Amino Alkali. Finally,
author proved the figure 15,  Methylcytosine was a L-pyrimidine. 

The author YaoguangLuo 稍后优化语法.
