Experience of Development about PDN metabolism. 2021-04-26-

An observation of the optimizational result, could be like a files category system, about document names.
And an observation of these names were made by sixteen meta-based Initons.

The author considered his YangLiaoJing and HuaRuiJi had their own PDN structures. These PDN structures
might be reflected to PDN life and eternal intelligence. The conception provides grounds of argument,
about chromosomes of meta-based Initons for its software applications.

Two years ago, the author considered meta-based Initons was an initial unit, meant Initon - init aton 
for calculation. Last year, the author considered meta-based Initons could explain well for the indexed 
unit about document names, meant Initon - init aton for DNA indexing. Then the DNA encoding and PDN
extension and its software applications, the author considered meta-based Initons could swap to meta-based 
speeches and gene units. The author considered meta-based Initon were a foundational unit of the humanoid
life. Then continued lots of proofs on them.

Experience of Development about PDN Catalyst. 2021-05-19-12:07

The author considered an unforeseeable, imcomprehensible and computational level, which made definitions
and collections of unveiled problems, to reflect and simulate a calculation by developed theories and desciplines.

Experience of Development about PDN Dandelion. 2021-05-18-

The author considered a PDN Dandelion of document names, in the software domain, could be the software
spore, meant a blooming data life. The author will continue a lots of proofs on them. For example balancing
the document names. Meant a balanced PDE, a fashionable metabolic classify.

Experience of Development about encode of metabolic PDN Dandelion. 2021-04-26~2021-5-25-16:36

Assume the category of Java file name is M_UnicornNeroThemeETL\OSI\OPE\SI\MCI\OEI\OVU\PQE\extOSGI\OSI_OSU_ASQ_OCQ_OSI_PCI_PCU_MCI_MCU_MSI_OSI_PCI. tvm

The author got a proof that an increment of P, and a decrement of O and A, in the software of file-name
Encoding, needed a man-made Initon-PDE-swap for P->AOM balancing. 2021-05-30

Experience of Development about Initons Root Extension, IRE

The author considered an operation about to filter the same Initons of function name, added the filtered
Initons into a post tail of file name. The author considered IRE is a trending logic. It will be used in
a domain of data classify, data metabolism and data catalyst.

The author considered an example of word of 'analyzer' will instead of upper char of 'A', then could make
three definitions : 1 functional class 'A', 2 definitional value'_A', and 3 postfix of string target like
'_A'. The instance as below.

A, a functional class or key value
_A, a value
XA_A, a functional string

For example 'A _A = new A(); _A.A_A();' -> 'Analyzer analyzer = new Analyzer(), analyzer.XanalyzerAnalyzer();'
X could be everything of string target.

Experience of Development about DNA encode dictionary, for example 'suggest/. . . OPE. SIU. . .' , the author
definited it as '.OPESIU.' and '_OPESIU_', It looks be understood easily by humen. And the human lexicon could
translate to PDN Initons agilely.

The author did more proofs about the Initon indexing and its contributions, was more and more obviously. 
For example raise up the energetic computing effections, and decrement of DMA(direct memory access). the 
indexed Initons catalyst could be a birth of digital life.

Experience of Development about Sonar lint at Folsom Intel, 2021-06-28

1 The author considered the sonar lint and its simplification of 'if, while and inner loops', was belong to 
a data evolutional mode, also the author's big metabolic file-trim too.

2 The author considered Sonar lint meant a formated and balanced text theory, meant the text and code looks
simply and well.... Also here the Meta based chromosome which did a balanced index, then made a balanced classify. 
Seem to be a fundamental RNA IC computings and the energetic optimization, for the software procedures and 
computational densites.

3 Then the author considered five modes of symmetric, asymmetic, shift, inverse and PCA indexed Initons.

4 Then the author will arrange of TXH, and new F there four initons, into a new RNA packages. And now the
DNA chromosomes classify were 24 components.

Experience of Development about metabolisms ,see the PDN metabolisms and secondary metabolisms 2021-06-29, 2021-06-30

Experience of Development about local static, 2021-06-30~2021-07-01
For the PDN procedures, the author could use local statics to contrst between DNA and RNA computing, because
he did not want to new a frequent values of DNA. It might be waste of energetic effection.and these technologies
recently done well in the Initons-dandelion under the category file of '.SME.' of '.S_AOPM'. The author would
like these 24 chromosomes, Initons-dandelion, which would be a static interface of API. For the seamlessly 
intergrated in extensional computings.

The author YaoguangLuo. 稍后优化语法.
