Notes on Gitee 20200305, cords-clusters separation according to the fissile-scale where
based on adjacent-distance of each two cords, then found each trend-distance between its 
cluster-centre and cluster-weight. In order to make an observation of stable-clusters.

In an early time, the author tried to find an argorithm of vision, to speedly and quickly 
trace the movement with this argorithm. His purpose was that trended an action and traced
a prediciton by using software code.

Due to the limited development, he maily used two observable keys with centres and weights.

He considered a stable-cluster could be defined as a coincided position of its centre and 
weight. Then did a project about cords movement and computation with computer. Then considered
a way of observation could be defined as a potential energy. Here the once be explained 
as a vector, also could mean as a trending movement. He continued to find a computing way
of how to make an exploration with these aboves.

The author added a Stability, Vector and Pressure, he considered a central point of each
cluster could be defined as a Stable-section. And a weight point of each cluster could be 
defined as a Stress-section. Then did vectorial connections where from each Stable-section 
to Stress-section, The author considered these vectors could be defined as PCA densities.

The length of each vectorial link could be defined as an 1 energy-status, 2 trending directions,
3 and ranged densities. Here the ranged of 2 and 3, could also deteminate the statement of 1.
 
The author continued to consider that agained a differential fissile-cluster, then could
create a condition with statistics, meant to do a more scaled analyzing of actions, densities,
molecules and mechanics.     

Finally he thought this argorithm now only contains amount of cords, weights and centres, 
he considered it could add one more set about area. For example side end of cords. It might
be used widely arround the real world. 

The author: YaoguangLuo 稍后优化语法.    
