Summarize the metabolic mode coding of DNA INITONs in the evolutionary computing domain.

Keywords: evolutionary computation, data software, Initons index, metabolism.

In October 2018, I designed the YangLiaoJing（YLJ） software and had spend one month realizing the function of traditional
Chinese medicine search. At that time, I was just a little dissatisfied, because I should spend more energy on what I
undertake, so started packaging and optimization. The first problem worth optimizing is the search speed of herbal medicine
search. I used the open-source API for text word segmentation search. When I continued to add medical textbooks to expand 
the search content, then the search engine got sili-works. Demand forced me to write a new word segmentation algorithm to
solve the Caton problem. The Metabase(Init-Aton, Initons) coding metabolic optimization system of software has begun. 
In the beginning, I had to face the multiple difficulties of how to design the algorithms.

When these algorithms were designed, my new problem is how to match these to design the processing module. Finally, I have 
to think about how to optimize these functional modules. Like the sequence brainstorm flows. My thinking is very simple, 
that is to simply classify the functions according to the waterfall model of software engineering. Such as analysis, operation,
processing, operation and maintenance, management, execution and control wait. So I began to classify and summarize the 
application of basic functions of software projects and produced a lot of basic software works. I found that the different 
combinations of these works can not only solve my problems but also solve the needs of many industries, including agriculture
and industrial services.

In this process, I got many interesting value discoveries, such as word segmentation works, sorting works, WEB server works,
ETL works, data calculation works, database works, data transformation works, data prediction works, etc.

With these basic algorithm packages and medical data search software projects, I began to optimize and expand the application 
value of the software. Turn these value discoveries into value embodiment. My R&D thinking is still very simple. Thinking, 
the author is this software at this moment. What will he do? How can he analyze the problem? How to solve the problem? How to 
calculate the result? How to sort out the results? with this thinking. It looks very simple, and there are all kinds of resistance 
to realizing it What else can he do? Harden the scalp, continuously refine the difficulties and solve them bit by bit. Classify
and summarize the achievements With the classification and refinement of functions, my data calculation software works became 
scattered and complex. Did I think about how to effectively summarize and classify functions, such as designing an item directory 
index? So the semantic Initons coding of AOPM - VPCS, helped me solve many problems. Finally, this DNA semantic Initons coding
system solves the problem of a large number of function classifications for me. At present, the theory of DNA Initons meta-base 
coding has been optimized. At present, it includes 16 biochemical semantic Initons meta-base operators AOPM-VECS-IDUQ-TXHF.

In this process, I got many interesting value discoveries, such as the discovery of the DNA elementary catalytic operator, the 
derivation of semantic peptide expansion(PDN-Extension, PDE) formula, and the biochemical decoding of the catalytic operator.
Nonconvolution visual PDE calculation, PDE element base encryption. It is embodied in the cognitive thinking expression mode of 
humanoid bionics, the neuron computing thinking mode of humanoid bionics, and the task processing thinking mode of humanoid bionics.

When my software started the optimization of DNA meta coding, I have been thinking about how to let my software conduct evolutionary 
computing analysis independently. My thinking is still very simple. I design the metabolic model of this code to give the original 
life feature activity to the software. So I began to study and found that Initons coding has great value in the functional 
classification index. The index can carry out classification, clustering, recording, cutting, expression and other practical
functions. Once the index has metabolic activity, the evolution of software will have the characteristics of life evolution. So I
began to carry out systematic software genetic feature coding to describe the formatted function sequence of software tasks.

The functions of this sequence are encoded, resulting in three aspects.

1 The sequence position of DNA Initons encoding the specific software functions after indexing chromosome classifications.
2 The sequence position of a specific task, which contains a component list and its combinational targeting of DNA encoding.
3 Multiple assignments were combined in ETL workflow documents such as the NeoCell of DNA encoding.

Thus, the software life of genetic coding of DNA unit catalysis and peptide calculation was born. In this direction, the next 
step is my java API(BloomChromosome_V19001_20220108. jar), which is ready for comprehensive metabolic optimization.


Author YaoguangLuo 稍后优化翻译
