Story - ELS: Wearing a formal suit and putting on a pair of black leather shoes, tightly
stood in the hall of ELS. I felt happy and some fear, which was intwined in my heart. A
rectangular, black table stood on the soft, gray and smooth carpet. I carried a package,
which was loaded with important documents. Where I could see a lot of international students 
with fashionable clothes. I felt culture shock because the faces were not familiar to me.
Ordinary I was used to seeing people with black hair, not people with yellow or brown hair. 
In China, all the people have dark eyes but here the people have blue ,brown or green eyes, 
as I looked at all the strange faces and eyes, then began to feel anxious. I was reading a 
newspaper when the phone rang. Glancing around the hall quickly, and found everyone focused
on their work. My heart had became calm after I put my cell phone on mute. To the left I 
could see through the window where the director's office was. The furnishings were a bit
small but arranged orderly in a small area. A corridor with access to the LTC was next to 
the door. I was so happy to see where some Chinese people were waiting for their interviews. 

To the right was a gate to the small hall, I saw a soft sofa here, ELS's teacher's photos 
were hanging on the white wall next to the sofa. I stood near the back gate where I could 
see some magazines in the holding hook, straight ahead was a vast globe map, I found out my
hometown immediately and pointed it out suddenly, and felt friendly and warmly. When I went
into Asian room, I could remember very clearly that to my right was a rectangular, new white 
board where Mr. Joel wrote our English sessions. I quietly seated at the first rank and
looked toward at front of my eye sight, two narrow windows with white blinds on them, looked
to pass the windows, where I could see many tall and straight pine trees with lush and green 
leaves on them. My mood had brightened lot. Everyone has a door in the deep heart, and the
beautiful environment is often the best key, as a famous says" If you can't change the world,
change yourself.". 

Author Yaoguang.Luo稍后优化
